not including its tablet uses Samsung's
proprietary pls technology was used just
once before on the samsung syncmaster s
27 880 otd however that monitor was
geared towards professionals but now
Samsung has finally given us consumers a
monitor that uses a penalty caswell hi
i'm eric franklin and today i'll be
taking a first look at the samsung
syncmaster s 27b 970 the 970 takes a few
design cues from the apple thunderbolt
display with a minimalist design a
fairly thin pano screen tilt and
actually goes a bit further with screen
height adjustment something the apple
monitor doesn't have it's quite pretty
looking with this nice striking chrome
neck and this kind of flying saucer
looking foot stand that gives it kind of
a retro sci-fi vibe unfortunately there
are a few design issues that really
really annoy me first off there's no
swivel feature now the Thunderbolt
monitor didn't have swivel either but at
least you could easily slide it around
but with a rubber on the bottom here
it's really hard to slide it second the
DisplayPort input is embedded too far
into the foot stand this is fine when
plugging it in but DisplayPort requires
you to depress a button when I'm
plugging it and as you can see it's not
the easiest thing to do here actually
it's almost impossible unless you have
razor thin fingers or a CD you're
willing to sacrifice the monitor just
kind of gets in a way of itself finally
the cover of the foot stand can easily
be pulled off from the front like this
it's just not what I expect from a
monitor that cost twelve hundred dollars
now this is a pre-production model so
there's still a chance that some of this
will change before release so I'm still
holding out hope that I'll see some
improvements by the time the actual
release version comes in other than
those annoyances I really don't have any
complaints so far in addition to
displayport it has hdmi DVI a USB
upstream port and on the side here to
USB downstream ports the osc is here on
the bottom of the neck and glows all
blue LED the OC itself has most of the
options I expect from a Samsung OSD like
five different presets brightness
contrast sharpness
and red green and blue adjustment
options there's also some really cool
eco saving options performance on the
pre production unit was impressive
viewing angles are why colors are
accurate and pop from the screen movies
look good with no sense of any color
tint problems at games especially look
amazing running at that crazy x HD
resolution the twelve hundred dollar
price will definitely give some people
pause last year's samsung released the
t20 seven eight nine fifty and while
that monitors performance wasn't as
impressive it included samsung Smart Hub
which provides streaming video games and
apps including netflix hulu facebook and
twitter as the first consumer pls
display the 970 should have had those
options well that's my first take look
for a full written review with a final
verdict in the weeks to come once again
i'm eric franklin and this was in the
first look at the samsung syncmaster s
27b 970